yes sir you mentioned in in the book on
page 96 I believe it is that you felt
frustrated in the early stages of the
investigation because you felt as if
everything you were doing was being
scrutinized and nitpicked right even
though you had been acting by the book I
believe it's right it maybe I'm missing
something but it doesn't seem quite by
the book to tear up a note from the
assassin and flush it down the toilet
that's true however I was told to do
that I was following orders that's true
but the people who were nitpicking me
were the ones that ordered order me to
do it so I don't feel that that they
should have been second-guessing me on
that point didn't you wonder that maybe
you shouldn't do that then they were
ordering you to commit a crime basically
well as it turned out it wasn't a crime
as I point out in the book there it
turns out that since Oswald was dead and
there could be no trial and since it
never been entered into the record and
of course I wished I hadn't have done it
I'll tell you that right now because all
of this conjecture about all the false
reasons as to why it was done it was
definitely not anything more than just a
a complaint about me interviewing his
wife but you'd have to understand Jed
Gerber
he had a hellacious temper now I can
explain this to anybody who's ever in
the FBI and he understand immediately
they say the old man would have blown up
and in order to keep him from blowing up
they just decided just we just won't
tell him he was sort of like the Emperor
and the Emperor's clothes you know they
would not tell they tell him what he
wanted to hear and not and keep bad
things from him at the time the note was
destroyed
Johnson was saying there was going to be
no hearings we're not going to see he
was worried to death about World War II
so we're not gonna have any hearings
just report back to me and this were in
other words the word was out there was
gonna be a cover-up so I guess the FBI
officials and
and the CIA and everybody else figured
well we'll have our little secondary
cover-ups the primary cover-up was the
was what happened in Mexico City and
then the CIA covered up the fact that
they were dealing with one of Castro's
cabinet officers to try to assassinate
him they covered that up and I guess
then the FBI covered up I don't know
what all the Secret Service and the
State Department covered up but yeah
that that's true I shouldn't have done
it
I admit it and I wished I hadn't but
you've got to remember we were all in
the state of shock I think I was in more
shock over Oswald being killed by Ruby
and I was by Kennedy being killed I I
have an heir that we had received
information that